Fix a few typos in "Introducing pg_karnak" blog post (#568)
niledatabase/niledatabase: www/app/blog/2024-11-19-distributed-ddl.mdx

According to the [Postgres documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-prepare-transaction.html), the `PREPARE TRANSACTION` behaves as follows:

> > `PREPARE TRANSACTION` prepares the current transaction for two-phase commit. After this command, the transaction is no longer associated with the current session; instead, its state is fully stored on disk, and there is a very high probability that it can be committed successfully, even if a database crash occurs before the commit is requested.

Author: Sorry my editor stripped trailing whitespace, I'm happy to roll this back if desired

Reviewer: Thank you! I'm running a build now to see if the whitespace affects formatting.

Reviewer: Apparently markdown requires these 2 trailing spaces in order to format the next line as a newline. Mind bringing them back?

Author: Not at all! Give me 5m

Author: Done

### Recovering from coordinator failure

> If the coordinator itself fails, the first priority is to reconstruct its in-memory state so it can resume managing ongoing transactions and complete them. The coordinator first uses the latest state from the status tables in the metadata database, then checks the state of individual databases. For each transaction, a database can have it in one of three states: committed, prepared or nonexistent. This leads to the following scenarios:

Author: Not sure if you want the hyphen in here
```suggestion
If the coordinator itself fails, the first priority is to reconstruct its in-memory state so it can resume managing ongoing transactions and complete them. The coordinator first uses the latest state from the status tables in the metadata database, then checks the state of individual databases. For each transaction, a database can have it in one of three states: committed, prepared or non-existent. This leads to the following scenarios:
```
